[Music]
he's gone
he thinks you're santa claus
i am
[Music]
you know what i know you know what
the secret and secret santa claus
i've known for a long time
he's not real says who
my mom i am the parent you
are the friendly guy down the hall
they say that seeing is believing
but the truth is the world is held
together
by things you can't see there really has
to be something you want for christmas
a house a brother and a dad that's all i
ever want
he loves you when he wants to kiss you
he thinks he's supposed to you look
if you're really santa claus you can get
it for me right
it's an engagement ring if
you can't accept anything
then you're doomed for a life dominated
by doubt
she's deaf you don't have to talk to her
she just wanted to see you
you are a very
beautiful young lady
if i could make you believe then there'd
be some hope for me
i can't well i'm finished i want this
man declared
insane this is about a man who has had
something very wrong done to him
i want you to help him together we're
gonna prove that there is a santa claus
and that you're him i'm ready guys
do you believe that you are santa claus
yes of course
i'd like the court to see mr kringle
make the reindeer fly
the only fly is on christmas eve
kohl's believes in santa claus do you
believe in santa claus
[Applause]
if this court finds that mr kringle is
not who he says he is then i would ask
the court to judge
which is worse a lie that draws a smile
[Music]
or a truth that draws a tear
this season 20th century fox richard
attenborough
elizabeth perkins dylan mcdermott and
mrs doubtfire's mara wilson
presents you with the most precious gift
of all
something to believe in
miracle on 34th street
directed by les mayfield